Equipment:
    DONE Ball machine can only be assigned to Courts 1,4,5,11,12,13,16.

Reservations:
    DONE Multiple courts need to be able to be added at once. 
        ->(Array of courts, max 14 courts, only manager can make this type of reservation)
    Fix customer reservation 'auto-timing' feature.
    DONE Enable customers to use the 'note' feature & update database tables to reflect.
    Add customer ability to edit existing reservations.
    Add customer ability to add equipment to reservations, if the equipment is available.
        ->(Equipment: Ball machine, hopper, racket)
    DONE Allow admin to edit/delete all reservations.
    CONFIRM? Customers can only make 2 reservations per day.
    Allow employee accounts to access the extended reservation page to a somewhat limited extent.
    Display notification to customers when a reservation is successfully made. Will include their reservation data.

Alerts:
    Send SMS alert when a reservation is made.

Login:
    Allow customers to reset their password via email.
    DONE Confirm account create via email.
    Redirect appropriately if user is not logged in.
    DONE Only admin/manager can create other employee accounts.
    DONE Fully merge customer & employee databases into a USER database.
    DONE Change to email for username.

Admin:
    DONE Re-enable viewing of logs.
    Create 3 important reports that fit a pie chart, bar chart, and line chart, respectively.
    Admin should be able to select a user from Users list and edit/update their account.

Reports:
    DONE Develop reports that allow admin to see & edit as much data as possible.
        ->(simple listing system that supports all data, and includes edit/delete options)

Contact:
    Create a contact form that allows customers to send feedback.

Documentation:
    1. Combine System architecture diagram & Network architecture diagram
    2. Infrastructure diagram (local -> github -> aws)
    3. Table descriptions(short)
    4. Post-project operation document(AWS Controls)
    5. Simple User Manual(App Controls)

Questions for Professor:
    DONE Do we need to account for cascade deletes/updates in data dictionary? No.
    
Overall To-do:
    1. DOMAIN NAME!!!
    2. Combine System architecture diagram & Network architecture diagram
    3. Infrastructure diagram (local -> github -> aws)

Defaults Password: P@ssw0rd